hello everyone I am Jason the cough from
PvP live welcome to another short video
explaining the RAF recruit a friend
system in World of Warcraft now you're
probably asking yourself Jason why are
you making all these non related pvp
videos well let me tell you something
this is pvp related this is related to
anyone who's playing World of Warcraft
doesn't matter if you're a rape one
player or what but the reasoning is is
you know maybe one of your friends maybe
you want to bring one of your real-life
friends into the game well this is a
great way to do it so let's get right
into this okay so what does RAF give you
it gives you three hundred three hundred
percent XP boost as long as the two
characters are within four levels of
each other it also gives you for a noble
levels and summoning of linked accounts
and now the benefits are now extended up
to level 85 and one more thing it'll
give you an awesome mount such as
emerald Hippogriff which was just
released within this last neck or this
last patch of the new RAF system
something to keep in mind that granville
levels how those work for every two
levels or recruits characters earn one
granville level is gained so recruit
characters may have may then grant these
levels to the veterans players character
as long as the character is lower in
level than the level granting character
so keep that in mind okay so let's get
right into this so how do you do it it's
ribbed it's super simple I mean it's
there's there's not much explanation
needed but basically what you do is you
go to your your social tab over here and
you click on recruit a friend my good
friend danny is on right now eridan from
PvP live as well but I am going to send
a recruit a friend to my good friend
Davis JD or muy and basically what I do
is you enters email right here King of
Scotland
gmail com what a-what obnoxious email
address right anyways so you send him an
email you can write a note if you want
and then it sends him an email on how to
exactly link up that counts to get these
RAF bonuses it's pretty simple I will
include a link to the official world
warcraft 4 or world warcraft frequently
asked questions on recruit a friend in
the bottom and i will also include a
link of how to actually recruit a friend
at yourself so in case you want to add
another character to your long list of
characters it's actually pretty simple
to do so i will be including a link from
the official law forums on how to
recruit a friend yourself in the bottom
as always please go to PvP dash live.com
bookmark the site and until next time
thank you guys